Hi! It's been a long time since I joined the INSTITUION and now I'm a INSTITUION graduate. Many things happened during this program, here's some recap of what have been done so far. A lot of thanks to INSTITUTION for make it happen.
Today remarks my last day at INSTITUTION as PROFESSION Intern. Yes, it's earlier than expected.
I just want to thank everyone for the guidance so far which has helped me a lot.
There are many things I learned here especially about SUBJECT. So I know what it's like to make OBJECT that many people will use.
At last but not least, thanks to INSTITUTION for giving me the opportunity, who is not from an IT background, to do an internship. This experience means a lot to me.
I wish everyone good luck and see you again, cheers.
After months of work, we finally succeeded in completing our final project. Our project, called OBJECT, is a platform that supports digital activities in Indonesia. For the time being there are some feature.
In the development of this project we are working on using the OBJECT framework to receive user input which is then processed on the backend and displayed on the frontend.
I want to thank my entire team for working so hard in this project. Without them, perhaps this project would never be what it is.
I also want to thank SUBJECT who has guided, provided advice, and also directed us in learning SUBJECT completing this project.
This project is only part of our small steps in helping people in Indonesia. Please wait for our next new breakthrough! Thank you.
It is Cool, very good collaboration, hopefully the start-up company that you are developing can be big one day. Amen.
Yesterday was so much fun! I participated as PROFESSION where I presented about SUBJECT. It was my first experience being asked to do SUBJECT.
I learned many things during this event and also tried to build connection with others to do any kind of partnership to collaborate with each other.
INSTITUION still has a long way to go to revolutionize the industry. I just can't wait to see people start using it all.
Some results of my exploration about how SUBJECT works. Still need further process to go deeper into SUBJECT field.
So I was inspired by someone I saw on Linkedin last month and I decided to make a portfolio about it.
This is only the beginning, where I can still add more features. I hope in this moment I can explore more about SUBJECT and try to solve real-world problems and bring impacts to the society.
Hello, everyone! I'm SUBJECT and I'm so thrilled to have this opportunity as PROFESSION at INSTITUTION. Last week, me and my fellow interns had an Induction week where we learned about the INSTITUION core values, products, and also its people. But it wasn't just a regular orientation event tho. We were not told to do push ups & squats, instead we were showered with Gopay as rewards for winning the games.
In this week, I learned some interesting things about OBJECT. In INSTITUTION, it doesn't matter if you're an just an intern. you should NOT limitize your self based on your status/level. In INSTITUION, you're encouraged to ask questions and validate things you don't understand. You should NOT assume things. And I also learned that INSTITUTION is first & largest SUBJECT company in Indonesia.
One of the most interesting topics during that week was about SUBJECT by our Co-founder SUBJECT. He noted about SUBJECT.
Before I end this post, I want to thank SUBJECT and of course my mentor SUBJECT for being so supportive & welcoming since the first time we arrived. So that's it. We learned so much about SUBJECT. And most importantly, get to know each other. I'm really looking forward to contribute myself into creating impact on Indonesia through INSTITUION.

